The princess has been at the charity hall these days, so she must be.
The princess has been seeing doctors at the hospital these days.
Never left, that's fine.
It seems that she is the princess. She still remembers that she is my king’s princess.
If he dared to meet Qin Ri privately,
This king does not want him. but,
But nothing. These few days have not come yet,
There is a mysterious guest who comes to the hospital for medical treatment.
The princess would close the palace and be alone with him.
Closed, mysterious guest.
Who is it? This subordinate has not found out yet.
This guest has serious consequences every time.
The king thought he was a bit of a princess.
I didn't expect to use this one
Happy Flag Day at Silk Road
The king will look at him
Such a person whose status is reversed
What kind of Yu Linlong is Xiu Jin? Prince Yu Linlong
I thought you would open a tube
I did it to make money eating ice cream. I didn’t expect it.
Who can meet your eyes here, Prince?
I am self-governing to save people from illness
Please go out and save people
You are really becoming more and more shameless
This is how you save people
how to cure disease
What does it have to do with you? These two days
It has nothing to do with your parents becoming adults
Okay, what am I doing here to find Cha?
Whatever I want to do, let me do it for you to see
I want to see who I am playing the role of a man.
I tell you
If you want to reheat it, I won't be polite.